add information on the system type string (#8315)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/contributing/hacking.md

## Platforms

Nix can be built for various platforms, as specified in [`flake.nix`]:

[`flake.nix`]: https://github.com/nixos/nix/blob/master/flake.nix

- `x86_64-linux`
- `x86_64-darwin`
- `i686-linux`
- `aarch64-linux`
- `aarch64-darwin`
- `armv6l-linux`
- `armv7l-linux`

In order to build Nix for a different platform than the one you're currently
on, you need a way for your current Nix installation to build code for that
platform. Common solutions include [remote builders] and [binary format emulation]
(only supported on NixOS).

[remote builders]: ../advanced-topics/distributed-builds.md
[binfmt emulation]: https://nixos.org/manual/nixos/stable/options.html#opt-boot.binfmt.emulatedSystems

> Given such a setup, executing the build only requires selecting the respective output attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given such a setup, executing the build only requires selecting the respective attribute.
```

Not related to outputs. (Maybe flake outputs, unfortunately, but no flakes here technically..)

```console
$ nix-build --attr packages.aarch64-linux.default
```

or for Nix with the [`flakes`] and [`nix-command`] experimental features enabled:

```console
$ nix build .#packages.aarch64-linux.default
```

Cross-compiled builds are available for ARMv6 (`armv6l-linux`) and ARMv7 (`armv7l-linux`).
Add more [system types](#system-type) to `crossSystems` in `flake.nix` to bootstrap Nix on unsupported platforms.

## System type

Nix uses a string with he following format to identify the *system type* or *platform* it runs on:

```
<cpu>-<os>[-<abi>]
```

It is set when Nix is compiled for the given system, and based on the output of [`config.guess`](https://github.com/nixos/nix/blob/master/config/config.guess) ([upstream](https://git.savannah.gnu.org/cgit/config.git/tree/config.guess)):

```
<cpu>-<vendor>-<os>[<version>][-<abi>]
```

When Nix is built such that `./configure` is passed any of the `--host`, `--build`, `--target` options, the value is based on the output of [`config.sub`](https://github.com/nixos/nix/blob/master/config/config.sub) ([upstream](https://git.savannah.gnu.org/cgit/config.git/tree/config.sub)):

```
<cpu>-<vendor>[-<kernel>]-<os>
```

> For historic reasons and backward-compatibility, some CPU and OS identifiers are transformed as follows in [`configure.ac`](https://github.com/nixos/nix/blob/master/config/config.sub):

Reviewer: This sentence appears to assume that a standard naming exists, but this is relative to the GNU naming convention, as we use autotools.

```suggestion
For historic reasons and backward-compatibility, some CPU and OS identifiers are translated from the GNU naming convention as follows in [`configure.ac`](https://github.com/nixos/nix/blob/master/config/config.sub):
```
